DOC-4303 updated Go landing page (#708)
redis/docs: content/develop/connect/clients/go.md

if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

_, err = rdb.JSONSet(ctx, "user:2", "$", user2).Result()

if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

_, err = rdb.JSONSet(ctx, "user:3", "$", user3).Result()

if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}
```

You can now use the index to search the JSON objects. The
[query]({{< relref "/develop/interact/search-and-query/query" >}})
below searches for objects that have the text "Paul" in any field
and have an `age` value in the range 30 to 40:

```go
searchResult, err := rdb.FTSearch(
    ctx,
    "idx:users",
    "Paul @age:[30 40]",
).Result()

if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

fmt.Println(searchResult)
// >>> {1 [{user:3 <nil> <nil> <nil> map[$:{"age":35,"city":"Tel Aviv"...
```

## Example: Index and search hash documents

Start by connecting to the Redis server as before:

```go
import (
	"context"
	"fmt"

	"github.com/redis/go-redis/v9"
)

func main() {
	ctx := context.Background()

	rdb := redis.NewClient(&redis.Options{
		Addr:     "localhost:6379",
		Password: "",
		DB:       0,
		Protocol: 2,
	})

    // ...
}
```

In this example, the user objects will be stored as hashes in the database. Use a `string`

> array in the form of name->value pairs to supply the data for the

Reviewer: Name-value or key-value are more consistent with our S.G.
```suggestion
array in the form of name-value pairs to supply the data for the
```

hash fields:

```go
user1 := []string{
    "name", "Paul John",
    "email", "paul.john@example.com",
    "age", "42",
    "city", "London",
}

user2 := []string{
    "name", "Eden Zamir",
    "email", "eden.zamir@example.com",
    "age", "29",
    "city", "Tel Aviv",
}

user3 := []string{
    "name", "Paul Zamir",
    "email", "paul.zamir@example.com",
    "age", "35",
    "city", "Tel Aviv",
}
```

> It is slightly simpler to create the index for hash objects than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is easier to create the index for hash objects than
```
